group6bootcamp@yahoo.com

SassyPets
petfinders pw: SassyPets1!

API Key: ndSGC9feqyCGwbQbKyyOrofwuMowCuUmKkOZhGLvrN4L6uk3dZ
SECRET KEY: clSh2tlyLDixT4HzOsZFGzfx3JrLW5AChIVBfWXJ

Presentation: (divy up who discusses which slide)
    Elevator pitch
        Concept:
            Description: Pet adoption website to allow prospective pet owners the ability to search through available pets in their area. In order to increase likelihood of adoption, funny jokes are added to each available pet to help users make a connection to the pet. Additional information about each pet is listed under their picture including name, breed, size, gender, age, color, coat, adoption organization & location, and personality traits (good with children, good with dogs, good with cats, house-trained). Search options include zip code and certain traits (animal type, size, age, gender). Searchable traits are presented in a humorous manner to select from a dropdown menu (ex: type of animal: cat, size: fat, age: old, gender: dude).
            Motivation for development: Adoption groups are always looking for new ways to market their available pets to potential adopters. Increasingly, cute and funny pictures (like wearing silly clothes) have been utilized to increase interest in available pets by helping users make an emotional connection to the pet, especially harder to adopt animals. By adding a silly interface with humorous search criteria and silly jokes presented by each pet, we hope to have a similar effect establishing an emotional connection between the pet and the user, thereby increasing the likelihood that the user will set up a meet and greet with the animal which will increase its odds of adoption. Additionally, we thought that this website would also have entertainment quality as a fun and humorous website for animal lovers to view different pets and funny jokes. 
            User story:
                AS A pet lover 
                I WANT a quick and fun way to browse available pets with attitude 
                SO THAT I can adopt a sassy pet.
                
        Process:
            Technologies used: 
                APIs: Petfinder API and JokeAPI
                CSS Framework: Bootstrap
                Additional libraries: jQuery, Google Font
            Breakdown of tasks and roles: ///fix this, not sure how to briefly delineate roles since we all did lots of stuff together
                APIs: Kyle
                Main page format/styling: Pia 
                Pop up pet modal: David
                JS: Maggie
                HTML: all
            Challenges: 
                Petfinder API
                Navigating different unfamiliar libraries
                GitHub (merging)
                Working on pieces rather than the whole
            Successes: 
                Communication
                Trouble-shooting our problems individually and as a group 
                Navigating our challenges together which ultimately became successes 

    Demo 
        Discuss who does what in the demo and how much detail to discuss things...
    
    Directions for future development: 
        Add additional search criteria
        Add filter criteria
        Allow option to view a list of available pets vs one pet at a time
        Create a version as a mobile application

    Links: 
        <a href="https://github.com/mlward639/Project-One-Sassy-Dogs">Link to GitHub Repository</a>
        <a href="https://mlward639.github.io/Project-One-Sassy-Dogs/">Link to deployed URL</a>